feat and bugfixes: update kb and add edit command to support multigroups (#4156)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/tutorial.md

### Multi-Group APIs

> Before creating an API and controller, consider if your operator's API requires multiple [groups][API-groups]. Then to change the layout of your project to support Multi-Group run the command `operator-sdk edit --multigroup=true`. It will update the `PROJECT` file which should look like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating an API and controller, consider if your operator requires multiple API [groups][api-groups]. Then to change the layout of your project to support multi-group run the command `operator-sdk edit --multigroup=true`. It will update the `PROJECT` file which should look like the following:
```

```YAML
domain: example.com
layout: go.kubebuilder.io/v2
multigroup: true
...
```

> For multi-group projects, the API Go type files are created under `apis/<group>/<version>/` and the controllers under `controllers/<group>/` and then, the Dockerfile will be also updated accordingly. For further information see the [Single Group to Multi-Group][multigroup-kubebuilder-doc]

Reviewer 2: nit: the Dockerfile will be updated accordingly.

> For multi-group projects, the API Go type files are created under `apis/<group>/<version>/` and the controllers under `controllers/<group>/` and then, the Dockerfile will be also updated accordingly. For further information see the [Single Group to Multi-Group][multigroup-kubebuilder-doc]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multi-group projects, the API Go type files are created under `apis/<group>/<version>/` and the controllers under `controllers/<group>/` and then, the Dockerfile will be also updated accordingly. For further information see the [multi-group migration doc][multigroup-kubebuilder-doc]
```
